Release 1.7.0 (#1826)
timescale/timescaledb: CHANGELOG.md

`psql` with the `-X` flag to prevent any `.psqlrc` commands from
accidentally triggering the load of a previous DB version.**

## 1.7.0 (2020-04-16)

This release adds major new features and bugfixes since the 1.6.1 release.
We deem it moderate priority for upgrading.

This release adds the long-awaited support for PostgreSQL 12 to TimescaleDB.

This release also adds a new default behavior when querying continuous
aggregates that we call real-time aggregation. A query on a continuous
aggregate will now combine materialized data with recent data that has
yet to be materialized.

> Note that only newly created continuous aggregates will have this

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Note that only newly created continuous aggregates will have this
```

`psql` with the `-X` flag to prevent any `.psqlrc` commands from
accidentally triggering the load of a previous DB version.**

## 1.7.0 (2020-04-16)

This release adds major new features and bugfixes since the 1.6.1 release.
We deem it moderate priority for upgrading.

This release adds the long-awaited support for PostgreSQL 12 to TimescaleDB.

This release also adds a new default behavior when querying continuous
aggregates that we call real-time aggregation. A query on a continuous
aggregate will now combine materialized data with recent data that has
yet to be materialized.

Note that only newly created continuous aggregates will have this
real-time query behavior, although it can be enabled on existing
continuous aggregates with a configuration setting as follows:

ALTER VIEW continuous_view_name SET (timescaledb.materialized_only=false);

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This release also moves several data management lifecycle features
to the Community version of TimescaleDB (from Enterprise), including
data reordering and data retention policies.

```

`psql` with the `-X` flag to prevent any `.psqlrc` commands from
accidentally triggering the load of a previous DB version.**

## 1.7.0 (2020-04-16)

This release adds major new features and bugfixes since the 1.6.1 release.
We deem it moderate priority for upgrading.

> This release adds the long-awaited support for PostgreSQL 12 to timescaledb.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This release adds the long-awaited support for PostgreSQL 12 to TimescaleDB.
```

> This release also adds a new mode for continuous aggregates that we name

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This release also adds a new mode for continuous aggregates that we named
```

> real-time aggregates. Unlike the original this new mode will
> combine materialized data with new data received after the last
> refresh has happened. This new mode will be the default behaviour
> for newly created continuous aggregates.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
real-time aggregates. Real-time aggregates will
combine materialized data with new data received after the last
refresh has happened. Real-time aggregates will be the default
for newly created continuous aggregates.
```

> This release also adds a new mode for continuous aggregates that we name
> real-time aggregates. Unlike the original this new mode will
> combine materialized data with new data received after the last
> refresh has happened. This new mode will be the default behaviour
> for newly created continuous aggregates.
> 
> To upgrade existing continuous aggregates to the new behaviour
> the following command needs to be run for all continuous aggregates

Reviewer 2: Propose clarifying that this is a query behavior:

```suggestion
This release also adds a new default behavior when querying continuous aggregates that we call
real-time aggregation. A query on a continuous aggregate will now combine materialized data with recent data that has yet to be materialized. Note that only newly created continuous aggregates will have this real-time query behavior, although it can be enabled on existing continuous aggregates with a configuration setting as follows:
```

> To upgrade existing continuous aggregates to the new behaviour
> the following command needs to be run for all continuous aggregates

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To enable real-time aggregates for existing continuous aggregates the following command needs to be run:
```

ALTER VIEW continuous_view_name SET (timescaledb.materialized_only=false);

> To disable this behaviour for newly created continuous aggregates
> and get the old behaviour the following command can be run

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To disable real-time aggregates for newly created continuous aggregates
the following command can be run
```
